Living like a Pig
One day, a guru(印度教大师)knew what he would be in his next life. So he called his favorite disciple(徒弟) and asked him what he would do to show thanks. The disciple said he would do whatever his guru asked him to do.
After the guru received the promise, he said, “Then this is what I'd like you to do for me. I've just learned that when I die very soon, I'm going to be born as a pig. Do you see that pig eating rubbish over there in the yard ?
    I'm going to be born as one of its baby pigs. You’ll recognize(认出) me by a mark on my face When the baby pigs have been born, find the baby pig with a mark on its face and kill it with your knife. Then I’ll not live a pig's life. Will you do this for me?”
The disciple was sad to hear all this, but he agreed to do as he had promised.
Soon after this conversation, things happened just as the guru had mentioned. The guru died. Four baby pigs were born. One day, the disciple held his knife with him and picked out the baby pig with a markon its face. Just as he was about to kill it, the little pig suddenly spoke,“Stop! Don't kill me!”it cried.
The disciple was very surprised, and he heard the little pig speak in a human voice, it said, “Don't kill me I want to live on as a pig. When I asked you to kill me, I didn't know what a pig's life would be like. It's great! Just let me go.”

【汉语翻译】
像猪一样生活
有一天，一位印度教大师知道了他的来生是个什么样子，因此，他召来(call)自己最喜爱的(favorite)徒弟，并问他要做什么来表示感谢。徒弟说无论什么(whatever)，只要大师要求，他都会去做。
收到(receive)这项承诺(promise)之后，大师说：“我现在就告诉你我希望你为我做的。我刚刚得知(learn)我就要死了，我会出生(be born)成为一只猪(pig)。你看到正在院子(yard)里吃垃圾(rubbish)的那头猪了吧？我将会是它下一窝猪仔中的一只小猪(baby pig)。你会从我脸(face)上的记号(mark)认出我来．当那些小猪出生以后，你去找脸上有记号的小猪，用你的刀(knife)把它杀死，这样我就不会过猪的生活(live a pig’s life)。你会为我做吗？”
听到这些徒弟很伤心(sad)，但他同意(agree)照大师所说的去做。
事情正和大师提到(mention)的一样。在他们的对话(conversation)之后不久，大师死了，四只猪仔出生了。有一天，徒弟握着(hold)他的刀，挑选(pick out)出脸上有记号的那只小猪。当他正要(be about to)杀掉它时，小猪突然(suddenly)开口说话：“住手！不要杀我！”小猪大喊道。
徒弟非常吃惊(surprised)，他听到小猪用人的声音(in a human voice)说：“别杀我！我想要当猪继续活下去。当我要求你杀我时，我并不知道猪的生活将是什么样。猪的生活很棒(great)!就让我活下去吧。”

